README.md, before:

# indeed-scraper

[![npm package](https://nodei.co/npm/indeed-scraper.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/indeed-scraper/)

### A Node.js package for getting job listings from Indeed.com

## Note on stability

I do not actively use this package. If Indeed changes their UI, this library might stop working. If you encounter issues, please submit an issue/PR and I will get to it when I can. If you use this package regularly and are interested in helping maintain it, please reach out.

## Installation

You can install using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/indeed-scraper).

```
npm install indeed-scraper
```

Include the package

```
const indeed = require('indeed-scraper');
```

Query Indeed:

```
const queryOptions = {
  host: 'www.indeed.com',
  query: 'Software',
  city: 'Seattle, WA',
  radius: '25',
  level: 'entry_level',
  jobType: 'fulltime',
  maxAge: '7',
  sort: 'date',
  limit: 100
};

indeed.query(queryOptions).then(res => {
	console.log(res); // An array of Job objects
});
```

query() accepts a _queryOptions_ object and returns a Promise of an array of _Job_ objects.

- **queryOptions** object:
  - **host** - *string* - The host to query. ([country overview](https://www.indeed.com/worldwide)) - Default: 'www.indeed.com'
  - **query** - _string_ - The text to search. (i.e. Software Developer) - Default: _Empty String_
  - **city** - *string* - The name of the city. Should be in the format 'Seattle, WA'. - Default: *Empty String*
  - **radius** - _string_ - The search radius in miles - Default: '25'
  - **level** - *string* entry*level, mid_level, or senior_level - Default: \_Empty String*
  - **jobType** - _string_ - fulltime, contract, parttime, temporary, internship, commission - Default: _Empty String_
  - **maxAge** - *string* - The maximum age of jobs that are returned - Default: *Empty String* (No max age)
  - **sort** - _string_ - relevance, date - Default: 'relevance'
  - **limit** - *number* - The maximum number of jobs to return - Default: 0 (No limit)
  - **excludeSponsored** - _boolean_ - Exclude sponsored job postings from the results - Default: false

- **Job** object:
  - **title** - *string* - Title of the job
  - **company** - _string_ - Company Name
  - **location** - *string* - Location of the job
  - **summary** - _string_ - Beginning of the job description
  - **url** - *string* - Url of the job page
  - **postDate** - _string_ - A string describing how long ago the job was posted
  - **salary** - *string* - A string with salary information (can be empty)
  - **isEasyApply** - _boolean_ - A boolean describing if the job is easy apply

## Contributing

If you have an idea on how to improve this package, feel free to contribute!

1. Clone or fork the repository
2. Make changes
3. Submit a pull request

Commit message:

add keywords, add original posting link

README.md, after:

# indeed-scraper

[![npm package](https://nodei.co/npm/indeed-scraper.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/indeed-scraper/)

### A Node.js package for getting job listings from Indeed.com

## Note on stability

I do not actively use this package. If Indeed changes their UI, this library might stop working. If you encounter issues, please submit an issue/PR and I will get to it when I can. If you use this package regularly and are interested in helping maintain it, please reach out.

## Installation

You can install using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/indeed-scraper).

```
npm install indeed-scraper
```

Include the package

```
const indeed = require('indeed-scraper');
```

Query Indeed:

```
const queryOptions = {
  host: 'www.indeed.com',
  query: 'Software',
  city: 'Seattle, WA',
  radius: '25',
  level: 'entry_level',
  jobType: 'fulltime',
  maxAge: '7',
  sort: 'date',
  limit: 100
};

indeed.query(queryOptions).then(res => {
 console.log(res); // An array of Job objects
});
```

query() accepts a _queryOptions_ object and returns a Promise of an array of _Job_ objects.

- **queryOptions** object:
  - **host** - *string* - The host to query. ([country overview](https://www.indeed.com/worldwide)) - Default: 'www.indeed.com'
  - **query** - _string_ - The text to search. (i.e. Software Developer) - Default: _Empty String_
  - **city** - *string* - The name of the city. Should be in the format 'Seattle, WA'. - Default: *Empty String*
  - **radius** - _string_ - The search radius in miles - Default: '25'
  - **level** - *string* entry*level, mid_level, or senior_level - Default: \_Empty String*
  - **jobType** - _string_ - fulltime, contract, parttime, temporary, internship, commission - Default: _Empty String_
  - **maxAge** - *string* - The maximum age of jobs that are returned - Default: *Empty String* (No max age)
  - **sort** - _string_ - relevance, date - Default: 'relevance'
  - **limit** - *number* - The maximum number of jobs to return - Default: 0 (No limit)
  - **excludeSponsored** - _boolean_ - Exclude sponsored job postings from the results - Default: false
  - **excludeKeyWords** - *array of strings* - Exclude all the key words from job postings - Default: []
  - **includeKeyWords** - *array of strings* - Include any of the key words in the job postings - Default: []

- **Job** object:
  - **title** - *string* - Title of the job
  - **company** - _string_ - Company Name
  - **location** - *string* - Location of the job
  - **summary** - _string_ - Beginning of the job description
  - **url** - *string* - Url of the job page
  - **postDate** - _string_ - A string describing how long ago the job was posted
  - **salary** - *string* - A string with salary information (can be empty)
  - **isEasyApply** - _boolean_ - A boolean describing if the job is easy apply
  - **originalJobLink** = *string* - A string with the original job posting outside of indeed

## Contributing

If you have an idea on how to improve this package, feel free to contribute!

1. Clone or fork the repository
2. Make changes
3. Submit a pull request
